Mta 1618 review tab (#779)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/mta-web-review-tab.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-web-review-tab_{context}"]
= Application review tab

You can review the settings of any application or archetype settings directly from the list.

.Procedure

. In *Migration* view, click *Application inventory*.
. Select an application, opening a `details` pane at the right of the browser window.
+
image::mta-web-review-tab.png[Application reviews tab]
+

> . Click the *Reviews* tab in the pane. The application information appears, showing the application's questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Reviews* tab in the pane. The application information appears, showing the items to review.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-web-review-tab_{context}"]
= Application review tab

> You can review the settings of any application or archetype settingd directly from the list.

Reviewer 2: Minor typo - "archetype settingd"  >> "archetype settings" or "archetype setting"

Author: Corrected

.Procedure

. In *Migration* view, click *Application inventory*.
. Select an application, opening a `details` pane at the right of the browser window.
+
image::mta-web-review-tab.png[Application reviews tab]

> // ![](/Tackle2/AppAssessAnalyze/AnalysisSelect.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

> // ![](/Tackle2/AppAssessAnalyze/AnalysisSelect.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/web-console-guide/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-web-review-tab_{context}"]
= Application review tab

> You can review the settings of any application or archetype settings directly from the list.

Reviewer 4: Replace 1 with 2
1)You can review the settings of any application or archetype settings directly from the list.

2)You can view the review details of any application  on the application details page.

Author: Removed line 1 and replace it with line 2.
See https://github.com/windup/windup-documentation/pull/808

> You can review the settings of any application or archetype settings directly from the list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can view the review details of any application on the application details page.
```

Reviewer 3: @nachandr  - is this what you meant? |
If so i will commit

.Procedure

. In *Migration* view, click *Application inventory*.

> . Select an application, opening a details pane at the right of the browser window.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Select an application, opening a `details` pane at the right of the browser window.
```

+

> // Get image from MTA UI

Reviewer 3: remove comment

> // Get image from MTA UI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

image::mta-web-review-tab.png[Application reviews tab]

> // ![](/Tackle2/AppAssessAnalyze/AnalysisSelect.png)

Reviewer 3: remove comment
